Add pdb release note (#2161)
kyma-project/istio: docs/release-notes/1.29.0.md

## Enhancements

- We've centralized AWS Load Balancer service annotation handling into the AWS factory, emitting only annotations effective for the detected load balancer type. See [#2128](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/pull/2128).

> - We've added Pod Disruption Budget to istio-ingressgateway (max 1 unavailable pod) and topology spread constraints to ensure even distribution across nodes and zones. See [#2153](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/pull/2153).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We've added a PodDisruptionBudget to istio-ingressgateway (allowing a maximum of one unavailable Pod) and topology spread constraints to ensure even distribution across nodes and zones. See [#2153](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/pull/2153).
```
